docs/src/manual/number_fields/fields.md, before:

```@meta
CurrentModule = Hecke
CollapsedDocStrings = true
DocTestSetup = Hecke.doctestsetup()
```
# Number field operations

## Creation of number fields

General number fields can be created using the function `number_field`.
To create a simple number field given by a defining
polynomial or a non-simple number field given by defining polynomials, the
following functions can be used.

```@docs
number_field(::DocuDummy)
number_field(::DocuDummy2)
```

!!! tip
    Many of the constructors have arguments of type `VarName`.
    If used, they define the appearance in printing, and
    printing only.  The named parameter `check` can be `true` or `false`, the
    default being `true`.  This parameter controls whether the polynomials
    defining the number field are tested for irreducibility or not. Given that
    this can be potentially very time consuming if the degree if large, one can
    disable this test. Note however, that the behaviour of Hecke is undefined
    if a reducible polynomial is used to define a *field*.

    The named boolean parameter `cached` can be used to disable caching. Two
    number fields defined using the same polynomial from the identical
    polynomial ring and the same (identical) symbol/string will be identical if
    `cached == true` and different if `cached == false`.


For frequently used number fields like quadratic fields, cyclotomic fields
or radical extensions, the following functions are provided:

```@docs
cyclotomic_field(n::Int)
quadratic_field(d::ZZRingElem)
wildanger_field(n::Int, B::ZZRingElem)
radical_extension(n::Int, a::NumFieldElem)
rationals_as_number_field()
splitting_field
```

## Basic properties

```@docs
basis(::SimpleNumField)
basis(::NonSimpleNumField)
absolute_basis(::NumField)
defining_polynomial(::SimpleNumField)
defining_polynomials(::NonSimpleNumField)
absolute_primitive_element(::NumField)
component(::NonSimpleNumField, ::Int)
base_field(::NumField)
```

## Invariants

```@docs
degree(::NumField)
absolute_degree(::NumField)
signature(::NumField)
unit_group_rank(::NumField)
class_number(::AbsSimpleNumField)
relative_class_number(::AbsSimpleNumField)
regulator(::AbsSimpleNumField)
discriminant(::SimpleNumField)
absolute_discriminant(::SimpleNumField)
```

## Predicates

```@docs
is_simple(::NumField)
is_absolute(::NumField)
is_totally_real(::NumField)
is_totally_complex(::NumField)
is_cm_field(::NumField)
is_kummer_extension(::SimpleNumField)
is_radical_extension(::SimpleNumField)
is_linearly_disjoint(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
is_weakly_ramified(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem})
is_tamely_ramified(::AbsSimpleNumField)
is_tamely_ramified(::AbsSimpleNumField, p::Int)
is_abelian(::NumField)
```

### Subfields

```@docs
is_subfield(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
subfields(::SimpleNumField)
principal_subfields(::SimpleNumField)
compositum(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsSimpleNumField)
embedding(::NumField, ::NumField)
normal_closure(::AbsSimpleNumField)
relative_simple_extension(::NumField, ::NumField)
is_subfield_normal(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsSimpleNumField)
```

## Conversion

```@docs
simplify(::AbsSimpleNumField)
absolute_simple_field(K::NumField)
simple_extension(::NonSimpleNumField)
simplified_simple_extension(::NonSimpleNumField)
```

## Morphisms

```@docs
is_isomorphic(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
is_isomorphic_with_map(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
is_involution(::NumFieldHom{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumField})
fixed_field(::NumFieldHom)
automorphism_list(::NumField)
automorphism_group(::AbsSimpleNumField)
automorphism_group(::NumField, ::NumField)
complex_conjugation(::AbsSimpleNumField)
```

## Galois theory

```@docs
normal_basis(::NumField)
decomposition_group(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem}, ::Map)
ramification_group(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem}, ::Int, ::Map)
inertia_subgroup(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem}, ::Map)
```

## Infinite places

```@docs
infinite_places(K::NumField)
real_places(K::AbsSimpleNumField)
complex_places(K::AbsSimpleNumField)
isreal(::Plc)
is_complex(::Plc)
```

## Miscellaneous

```@docs
norm_equation(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::Any)
lorenz_module(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::Int)
kummer_failure(::AbsSimpleNumFieldElem, ::Int, ::Int)
is_defining_polynomial_nice(::AbsSimpleNumField)
```

Commit message:

Changes to number_fields documentation (#2119)
* Changes to number_fields documentation

Edits to number_field/elem and number_field/number_field_ops pages of documentation

Edited complex embeddings/class field theory sections of number_fields

Removed docs/num_fields/conventions; fixed coefficients documentation; edited documentation

Small word-smithing

* Small edits to number fields docs

docs/src/manual/number_fields/fields.md, after:

```@meta
CurrentModule = Hecke
CollapsedDocStrings = true
DocTestSetup = Hecke.doctestsetup()
```
# Number field operations

## Creation of number fields

Number fields can be created using the `number_field` function.

To create a simple number field, one passes the defining polynomial directly to `number_field`. This returns the corresponding extension and a generator.

To create a non-simple number field, one passes a vector of defining polynomials to `number_field`. This returns the extension and a vector of generators.

```@docs
number_field(::DocuDummy)
number_field(::DocuDummy2)
```

!!! tip
    Many of the constructors here have an argument of type `VarName`.
    If this argument is used, it determines the appearance in printing and
    printing only.

    The named argument `check` can be set to `true` or `false` with the
    default being `true`. This parameter controls whether or not the extension
    defined by the given inputs is a field. Given that
    this can be potentially very time consuming if the degree is large, one can
    disable this test. Note, however, that the behaviour of Hecke is undefined
    if a reducible polynomial is used to define a *field*.

    The named boolean argument `cached` can be used to disable caching. Two
    number fields defined using the same polynomial from the identical
    polynomial ring and the same (identical) symbol/string will be identical if
    `cached == true` and different if `cached == false`.

One can directly construct the splitting field of polynomial as an absolute simple number field.

```@docs
splitting_field
```

For frequently used number fields like quadratic fields, cyclotomic fields
or radical extensions, the following functions are also provided:

```@docs
cyclotomic_field(n::Int)
quadratic_field(d::ZZRingElem)
wildanger_field(n::Int, B::ZZRingElem)
radical_extension(n::Int, a::NumFieldElem)
```

Occasionally, algorithms written with Hecke may be written specifically to target generic number fields.
The default implementation of the rational numbers `QQ` utilizes a specialized wrapper for the FLINT `fmpq_t` type and is not implemented as a generic number field.
For cases of compatibility, we also provide a method for considering the rationals as a generic number field.

```@docs
rationals_as_number_field()
```

## Basic properties

```@docs
basis(::SimpleNumField)
basis(::NonSimpleNumField)
absolute_basis(::NumField)
defining_polynomial(::SimpleNumField)
defining_polynomials(::NonSimpleNumField)
absolute_primitive_element(::NumField)
component(::NonSimpleNumField, ::Int)
base_field(::NumField)
```

## Invariants

```@docs
degree(::NumField)
absolute_degree(::NumField)
signature(::NumField)
unit_group_rank(::NumField)
class_number(::AbsSimpleNumField)
relative_class_number(::AbsSimpleNumField)
regulator(::AbsSimpleNumField)
discriminant(::SimpleNumField)
absolute_discriminant(::SimpleNumField)
```

## Predicates

```@docs
is_simple(::NumField)
is_absolute(::NumField)
is_totally_real(::NumField)
is_totally_complex(::NumField)
is_cm_field(::NumField)
is_kummer_extension(::SimpleNumField)
is_radical_extension(::SimpleNumField)
is_linearly_disjoint(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
is_weakly_ramified(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem})
is_tamely_ramified(::AbsSimpleNumField)
is_tamely_ramified(::AbsSimpleNumField, p::Int)
is_abelian(::NumField)
```

### Subfields

```@docs
is_subfield(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
subfields(::SimpleNumField)
principal_subfields(::SimpleNumField)
compositum(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsSimpleNumField)
embedding(::NumField, ::NumField)
normal_closure(::AbsSimpleNumField)
relative_simple_extension(::NumField, ::NumField)
is_subfield_normal(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsSimpleNumField)
```

## Conversion

```@docs
simplify(::AbsSimpleNumField)
absolute_simple_field(K::NumField)
simple_extension(::NonSimpleNumField)
simplified_simple_extension(::NonSimpleNumField)
```

## Morphisms

```@docs
is_isomorphic(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
is_isomorphic_with_map(::SimpleNumField, ::SimpleNumField)
is_involution(::NumFieldHom{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumField})
fixed_field(::NumFieldHom)
automorphism_list(::NumField)
automorphism_group(::AbsSimpleNumField)
automorphism_group(::NumField, ::NumField)
complex_conjugation(::AbsSimpleNumField)
```

## Galois theory

```@docs
normal_basis(::NumField)
decomposition_group(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem}, ::Map)
ramification_group(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem}, ::Int, ::Map)
inertia_subgroup(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::AbsNumFieldOrderIdeal{AbsSimpleNumField, AbsSimpleNumFieldElem}, ::Map)
```

## Infinite places

```@docs
infinite_places(K::NumField)
real_places(K::AbsSimpleNumField)
complex_places(K::AbsSimpleNumField)
is_real(::Plc)
is_complex(::Plc)
```

## Miscellaneous

```@docs
norm_equation(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::Any)
lorenz_module(::AbsSimpleNumField, ::Int)
kummer_failure(::AbsSimpleNumFieldElem, ::Int, ::Int)
is_defining_polynomial_nice(::AbsSimpleNumField)
```
